The price range is smaller than any of us expected.
They asked if I wanted to come along on the barge trip.
Amongst her friends she was considered beautiful.
The smell of the freshly ground coffee never fails to entice me into the shop.
I'm often perplexed by rapid advances in state of the art technology.
John could lend him the latest draft of his work.
From forty love the score was now deuce and the crowd grew tense.
The Presbyterian minister managed to curb the drinking habits of the loitering youths.
The bulb blew when he switched on the light.
It is futile to offer any further resistance.
They launched into battle with all the forces they could muster.
The chill wind caused them to shiver violently.
The government triumphed four years ago and we have every reason to believe that it will triumph again.
He jerked round in an instant to face his assailant.
He emphasized his strengths while concealing his weaknesses.
The table is made so sloppily that it tilts.
It was important to be perfect since there were no prompts.
I ran for cover whilst he hurled several stones.
We have proof that the regime wields sufficient power in the North to exploit the entire population.
She flicks through a magazine when she gets a chance.
Thank goodness it's Friday and time to go home.
Itches are always so tempting to scratch.
I'll hedge my bets and take no risks.
The length of her skirt caused the passers-by to stare.
I always seem to follow my instincts rather than reason.
It's strange that I slept for so long since I wasn't feeling tired.
I'll draft those new proposals before the next meeting.
The mud squelched loudly and he realized that his suede boots were doomed.
He grasped the rope with his free hand and swung his legs round to the side.
Opportunities like this don't grow on trees as you should know by now.
It's difficult to choose between two such equally good alternatives.
Henry normally viewed Rob's zealous enthusiasm with disdain.
She'll think of an excuse if given enough space and time.
When forced to make a choice, Sarah chose ping-pong as her favourite game.
It's a shame that architects design for themselves and not for the general public.
Coe beat him to the line by five thousandths of a second.
The bath plug is missing so you'll have to take a shower.
You ought to brush your teeth before you go to bed.
The earth used to be flat but now it's a sphere.
I wish he'd either grow a beard or shave his moustache.
Judith found the manuscripts waiting for her on the piano.
The huge castle was encircled by a deep moat.
Jane adored maths and french but hated the rest of school.
Mashed potatoes are more fattening than either boiled or baked ones.
The world is becoming increasingly dangerous but hardly anyone cares.
Patrick will need speech therapy because of his cleft palate.
These practical jokes have been taken much too far.
I shall paint this room mauve with a few beige dots.
My car was stolen while I was shopping in Kensington High Street.
Changing gear half way up a steep hill can be quite risky.
I always enjoy a pint of lager when I come off the squash court.
Jean might prepare more salmon and cucumber sandwiches if we're lucky.
There'll be big trouble if you dare to touch that surface.
Tom says that ancient Saabs are far more stylish than British Leyland Triumphs.
Jill tumbled after Jack because she was shoved by little Miss Muffet.
Doctor Philips raised a number of moot points about the professor's article in the recent journal.
This new display attracts more customers than ever.
Mrs. Stewart pleased her entire family when she produced malt loaf for tea.
Pete couldn't bear to show us his scar so soon after the accident.
Joy fibbed about the money missing from the secret cashbox.
The hearse will arrive at the morgue between a quarter and half past twelve.
Water was cascading down the mountain at a rate of knots.
Clara went through a phase when she always served Hungarian goulash followed by rhubarb crumble.
We'd be hard pushed to catch the bus to Newcastle tonight.
Our butcher makes his own pork and beef sausages.
Martin and Craig grow dwarf tulips and exhibit them all over the county.
Our two kids adored the little iced buns with the cherries on top.
He remembered he needed a passport to get a visa stamp.
His attempts to use his credit card failed because his account was in arrears.
They were still frisked by Customs though they had nothing to declare.
The nurse tended the fierce-looking wound on Paul's scalp.
Everyone talks of the birds and the bees but they never mention wasps.
Most of the scenes were filmed on location in the Alps.
Mr. Vernon helped himself to dessert and a large cup of coffee.
It was a sheer fluke that I bumped into the same chap yesterday.
During his last year at university they shared many hilarious moments.
I loved to pedal my tricycle in the back-yard when I was I child.
Some people find the Welsh language very difficult to learn.
The food varies from place to place but the price remains fairly constant.
The ceremony overwhelmed me and I was moved to tears.
The area was so thoroughly blitzed that now virtually nothing remains.
Bob milked the cows after he'd gathered the chickens' eggs.
We really will need to defrost the fridge now that the strawberries have oozed out all over the place.
The coach swerved to the left in an attempt to avoid the blind pedestrian.
After the road veers to the south you'll see a junction ahead.
Her evening gown was a trifle too garish for the occasion.
He glimpsed the traffic warden out of the corner of his eye.
She had scarcely divulged the scandal before it was splattered over the front pages of the tabloids.
The questionnaire was short and to the point.
We were plunged into darkness as the clouds engulfed the moon.
Sharon vowed never again to jeer at the concierge.
Compared with the previous guests she appeared coy and demure.
She returned from holiday bronzed by the mediterranean sun.
They suggested that the ice would thaw as soon as spring arrived.
Gordon's words were lost amidst the hub-bub of the crowded hall.
Mr. Forsyth has cheered the team on now for five whole years.
It seems as if Susan does all the chores for this household.
I want each person here to give George their report by Thursday afternoon.
Beth chaired the first meeting in order to oblige her overworked boss.
I've just seen Charles tearing off in a hurry.
We'll need to put the poodle back on the leash when we leave the park.
The Olympic torch shines as a symbol of hope which has pushed aside the barriers of race.
The plaintiff felt thwarted because the judge didn't revoke his decision.
My mother gets cross when I say "yeah" instead of "yes".
The foot paths at the back of the school have become decidedly overgrown.
This ointment will soothe the graze on your heel.
Whilst on a spending spree Blanche Jennings bought some luxurious bat oil and a purple silk blouse.
The fifth dollop of fresh cream missed the cake altogether and landed on the paper doily.
I know many people whopractise yoga purely for health reasons.
It's common knowledge that the kangaroo has a pouch.
Those texts you mention were discussed in depth by the Benedictine brethren last Sunday.
The walkers took a detour through the fields to avoid the busy thoroughfare.
Mary and Elizabeth both aim to be company directors by the age of thirty.
This guy helps Mr. Yates develop his own photographs.
Cobwebs find their way into every nook and cranny.
Once I've varnished the bedside table I can start on the wardrobe.
Bulldog terriers yap almost as much as Chows.
I was bitten by the nasty dog which keeps guard of our neighbours' house.
The dear old bishop was in trouble with the mayor.
I sympathize with Roy and have already sent him my sincere condolences.
I beg you not to make a sharp jibe about the style of his hair.
"The Sound of Music" is a film which centres on the war time experiences of the von Trapp family.
If you leave the record by the fire it will warp.
He grabbed a towel and then answered the phone.
Dad wanted us to leave the surfboard in the boat until our return.
The duty-free kirsch next to the brandy was bought for Maggie.
We need to buy some more embroidery silks before we can finish the garment.
The kind-hearted girl began to wipe his fevered brow with a cool flannel.
The yacht capsized in the choppy seas but all the crew swam to safety.
Mr. Simms was surprised by the numerous dignitaries attending the graduation ball.
I dreamed that a Jesuit priest was conversing with a seraph.
I wonder why "cello" isn't spelled with an "h".
I'm obliged to tell you that most women loathe their husbands.
The doctor was perturbed by the mysterious growths which defied diagnosis.
Some pop stars just mouthe the words because they can't sing.
The toddler stamped his foot in annoyance and gouged a large hole in his parents' table out of spite.
They noticed that the door of the hunting lodge stood ajar and they grabbed their guns in fear.
Historians claim that Cleopatra bathed in asses' milk.
The treasure was unearthed three months before they started to argue over ownership.
He clenched his fist and hammered it against the wall with a resounding smack of authority.
Amelia went to Chester Zoo and saw some tufted owls and a rare giant sloth.
You should eat less of that fudge cake if it really is aggravating your sore tooth.
The china nymph remained unscathed despite the explosion in the kiln.
Bill could have sat on the train but chose to stand.
That's the ninth dirty shirt you've thrown in the laundry since Wednesday.
This is the eighth week that parsnip soup has been served at this hotel.
The chef was in dispute with his colleagues as to whether barley was a pulse.
He thanked his colleague for the invaluable lifts to the various conferences that term.
The watch was the only thing he was able to filch from the camper's ruck-sack.
The monks collapsed with hysterics when brother Karl banged his elbow.
He caught a glimpse of what looked like a badger.
The family heirloom is a turquoise necklace made by a Bedouin tribe.
It's silly to assume that soluble aspirin will alleviate the symptoms of typhoid.
Sarah exchanged the matching gloves and shoes for a horrible snakeskin bag.
The archbishop has resolved not to disclose the details of the divorce.
Moira was sure that the American word for courgettes was zuchini.
It's in vogue to make films which explore the relationship between culture and faith.
He acknowledged his secretary's presence with his usual perfunctory nod.
The children camouflaged themselves with some khaki cloth which their dad had found in the garage.
Her sylph-like form was entrancing the young man.
The writer of the obituary tried not to indulge his prejudice against the bourgeoisie.
The Cuthbert family live by the village church.
The multi-bulbed light fitting in the lounge was an improvement on the neon tube.
The glazier was airing his views on the woeful state of the Health Service rather than mending the window.
He shrugged off a threat of sabotage with a blythe statement about the impregnable security system.
When I'm poorly I like to surround myself with familiar childhood toys.
Now that we earn the same wage we should go halves on the bill.
I feel too lethargic to wash up tonight.
Cath opened the larder door to fetch the iceberg lettuce and a chunk of cheddar.
The babe was starting to teethe but her favourite toy appeared to soothe her.
Alf's brother was totally absorbed in the virtuoso performance of Bach's Toccata and Fugue.
The fun-fair is merely a step round the corner.
The topic of Jeff's thesis is beginning to annoy me.
The candidate felt that a trapezoidal badge would have more visual impact than the usual rosette.
Her wealth's certain to buy her not only a Porsche but also considerable popularity.
I can't stand sheets and blankets and I absolutely loathe eiderdowns.
The ivy wound its way grotesquely round the neck of the gargoyle.
Every time I see Mr. Hoyle I get a strong urge to dodge out of his sight.
You always manage to besiege me with other people's problems.
The opposition claim that present government policy is injurious to the nation's well-being.
Cinderella waltzed through the night while poor Buttons mooched aimlessly about the house.
Sandra's parents were impressed when she swam two widths of back stroke.
This heater gives out nothing compared with the warmth you get from my gas fire.
The Websters are going to see "Puss in Boots" just after Christmas.
Venice is full of tasteless postcards of the doge staring enigmatically out to sea.
I'm well aware that raw vegetables contain more vitamins than cooked ones.
I'll never know whether it was the alcohol or the lack of sleep that gave me blurred vision.
I'm intrigued that social values can change so quickly.
I can't pretend to know the exact answer but I can make an educated guess.
The most tasty carrots come from Mr. Brown's farm.
When I'm pregnant I get a craving for smoky bacon crisps and dry roasted peanuts.
Last year I forgot to take my pen-knife when we went camping.
The bank robbers managed to escape before anyone could notify the police.
It's obvious that the student was amply rewarded for his endeavours.
I yearn for the day when smoking is banned on public transport.
I'll call into the chemist on the way back and buy some shampoo.
The manageress treated all her shop assistants like dirt.
I wish I lived a little bit nearer to the supermarket.
It's entirely inappropriate to wear black at a wedding.
All the coloured inks merged into one another when he spilled the water.
